doc(1.8.0, 1.7.3): volume encryption limitation for COS (#1029)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.7.3/advanced-resources/os-distro-specific/container-optimized-os-support.md

## Limitations

- In COS clusters, Longhorn currently supports only V1 data volumes.

> - For volume encryption, if the built-in `cryptosetup` in COS clusters does not support `argon2i` or `argon2id`, use `pbkdf2` instead. For more details, refer to [GitHub issue](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/issues/10049).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You must use `pbkdf2` for volume encryption if the `cryptsetup` utility built into your COS cluster does not support `argon2i` or `argon2id`. For more information, see [Issue #10049](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/issues/10049).
```

Reviewer: FYI I changed `cryptosetup` to `cryptsetup`.
